(All characters. organizations. places. and events are fictional.)
- Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae! - Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae!
- Hello. I'm Seo Ki Tae. - Seo Ki Tae!
Dad! Dad!
Dad!
Please save my dad. Jin Woo.
(Times)
I know it's hard to believe what I'm saying.
How could one believe such nonsense?
But since it happened already. why don't you just believe me?
To put it bluntly. you and I can't die like this. am I not right?
The hunting is over. They're going to kill us!
Are you going to do nothing even when you know what will happen?
You know you're going to die there.
but you're still thinking of crawling in there?
I sacrificed so much to get here.
I tolerated so much...
and did whatever I need to do to get myself here.
In order for us to survive.
in order to avoid being a dog killed and eaten after the hunt is over...
Dad.
Breaking news.
At the halfway point of counting the votes.
candidate Seo Ki Tae leads. with a good chance for victory.
He did it.
(Current Ballot Count)
(Seo Ki Tae)
You worked hard for this. Dad.
So did you. my daughter.
We need to bite first.
Before he makes a move.
we need to cut his head off.
That's how we'll survive. That's how Korea will survive.
Here he comes.
He's here.
You've become the President.
Congratulations.
Hooray.
(Police)
- Seo Ki Tae. - Seo Ki Tae.
Mr. Seo. please say something.
Mr. President. a word.
(2019. President Seo Ki Tae in his fourth year in office)
(National approval ratings at 78 percent for President Seo)
(The highest record of any president to date)
(Episode 1)
(Police)
The VIP will arrive at the Blue House in 30 minutes.
Don't let down your guard before the entry point and launch.
I think I need to revise the speech a little.
No. there's nothing wrong with it.
I just want to say something more personal to them.
The reporters are my juniors.
I should talk to them as a mentor. not just the President.
At the Blue House...
Secretary Park?
What happened?
Mr. President. they said there's been an accident on the way.
- Really? - Yes.
Let the emergency vehicles go first then.
Stop. All stop.
(Police)
Is that the accident?
Yes. sir.
Any casualties?
They said there haven't been any. thankfully. because it was small.
but there has been a disruption in communications.
I request your understanding despite the inconvenience.
Goodness.
(Daughter)
Then I can't use my cell phone to call this one now?
Are you trying to get in touch with your daughter?
Yes. She's so busy these days.
I feel like she's busier than the President. somehow.
Former President Baek. under investigation currently...
for his role in the creation of a 300 million dollar slush fund.
was interrogated by the prosecutor's office this morning.
During the interrogation process.
President Baek denied all personal involvement...
- in this crime. - He's coming out.
Please say something.
Considering you've denied all the allegations...
How do you feel about these charges as the former President?
Why do you feel that this investigation is unfair?
I've heard...
that you denied all allegations of personal involvement.
How do you feel about being investigated like this?
Please say something.
Seo Jung In. what are you doing in a place like this?
I'm reporter Seo Jung In for DBS.
I'm here to cover this incident. just like the other reporters.
The current President's daughter...
digging up dirt on the former President.
What a joke.
Fine. what's your question?
I'll answer all your questions.
I heard you've denied all the allegations against you.
Because they're not true.
This all the work of those in power...
trying to dominate those who were formerly in power.
You're saying it's a political move?
You made similar declarations many times in the past.
Do you remember them?
In 2011. during your term.
even when the illegal use of campaign funds came to light...
This is simply a political move targeting me.
In 2014. when your son was involved in a bribery scandal...
This is simply political maneuvering.
which negatively impacts our citizens.
You always said the same thing.
Your sibling. Baek Jeong Min.
already confessed to the bribe...
and even provided evidence.
Even in that situation. you insisted there was political maneuvering.
Do you believe that all investigations...
into the former President's crimes are simply political ploys?
Don't you think you're the one who's politicking now?
Are your questions over?
Then let me respond.
- What's he saying? - What is it?
What is he saying?
- Just one word further. - One more question.
- How do you feel? - Former President Baek.
I believe Former President Baek knows the truth very well.
The Current Events Desk promises to continue searching...
for the truth no matter what.
Thank you. reporter Seo Jung In.
(Current Events Desk)
Here's the next piece of news.
Members of the ruling party have scoffed at the investigation.
calling it an investigation to "brush off the dust".
At a meeting with prominent leaders of the ruling party.
President Seo made a comment...
to add to that sentiment.
Let's listen to his remarks.
What did he say?
- What? - What did Baek Kyu Min say to you?
Oh. that.
Just...
You think your father will be any different?
As soon as his term is over. he'll end up like me.
That's what he said.
Wow. that's strong.
Are you all right after hearing something like that?
Why wouldn't I be?
"She got her job at the broadcasting company because of her dad."
"She just praises the Seo Administration."
"and only got what she has because her dad has power."
I hear that kind of thing too.
It's all right. I'm fine.
(Blue House)
Are you mentally strong. or do you just have no manners?
I get curious about that when I hear you talk.
To ignore lies. revere the truth.
and uncover the facts. Isn't that what a reporter does?
As long as I have this.
I'm not the President's daughter.
I'm a reporter for DBS.
I'll take off first. See you.
These people will suffer even more if we close our eyes.
Aren't we here right now...
to try to alleviate the suffering of others?
Both myself and you. the legislators.
Two days ago. a fire broke out...
at a switchboard building in Jongpo whose cause remains unknown.
Even now. wireless communications in the area are down.
The authorities say it will take a bit more time...
(2018 Excellence in Reporting Award)
(Title: Illegal Lobbying in 5G Market)
If you consider that to be right...
Hello. this is reporter Seo Jung In of DBS...
Dad?
Now?
Dad.
- Happy birthday to you - Happy birthday to you
- Happy birthday dear Reporter Seo - Happy birthday dear Reporter Seo
Happy birthday. my daughter.
What is this?
You should blow out the candles. The wax will fall on the cake.
Here you go.
Did you make all of this since this morning?
Yes. I did.
I thought you might be too busy to eat.
Please eat a lot.
You've lost so much weight.
What do you mean? I haven't lost any weight.
It looks like that to me. you punk.
I saw the news yesterday.
What did that man. President Baek. say?
He just told me to do my best...
until the day I become a great reporter like you.
Is that what he really said?
You're not lying to me. are you?
I only told you what's 100 percent true.
"Do your best. Then you'll become..."
"a great reporter like your father."
That's what I heard.
I'm telling the truth.
Who would lie to the president of South Korea?
Is that so? Okay. then.
Why did you say that at the conference?
A lot of people are saying that you provoked...
the members of the ruling party for no reason.
I wanted to break their wrong ideas.
I have nothing to say regarding Former President Baek's...
prosecution investigation.
I can't do anything about it.
and I shouldn't tell them what to do either.
Let's talk about the bill for the dispatched work act.
There is nothing that the current president can do...
for the sake of the former president's clemency.
I wanted to portray this message...
to the members of my party and the citizens.
"This administration will not have the president..."
"abuse his power under the notion..."
"of custom and practice like previous administrations."
Is that the message?
Yes.
We must right what is wrong.
Turning a blind eye to it won't make it go away.
Rather than ignoring it. we must face it and go head-on.
That's how the world will change.
A report fell through for tomorrow. It's an emergency.
Dad. I need to go to work.
Isn't today your day off?
A report fell through. I need to go.
Have a bite first.
- I have to go. - Have a bite before you go.
We'll take a look at the core values of our company.
Okay. Precision management.
We will be true to the fundamentals and principles.
and we always strive for precision.
Quality. We aim to be the first in the world for quality inspection.
and we create products in accordance with GNP and ISO regulations.
Trust. We respect our customers.
We put mutual trust between employees first.
I think this company is really nice.
- Pardon? - This company. It seems very nice.
I see. Right. It seems like a nice company.
If I'm being completely honest.
I thought I would never be able to get a job.
I've been preparing to get a job for over 10 years.
and I've never been on a proper interview.
But I got hired here.
They said I had a good first impression.
They said I seemed warm and kind...
and that I reminded them of a piggy bank.
Congratulations.
That's why I intend to do my best for this company.
- I'll... - I'm sorry.
Can you please be quiet?
I can't hear what he's saying.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I was being tactless. I was so excited to have gotten a job.
I know how you feel. so please be quiet.
Please do that for me.
I'm sorry to have bothered you when we just met. I'm sorry.
At the same time. We at Ark Communication...
have a PV system.
PV system. It's an employee point system.
This PV system. the employee point system.
is a revolutionary and creative system...
for a performance assessment that is unique to Ark Communication.
- Excuse me. - Let's take a closer look.
- The PV system... - I understand that...
it was hard for you to get employed.
but don't work for this company.
Pardon? Why would you say that?
This company is an illegal pyramid scheme.
They use employment as a way to bait naive people...
into selling weird products.
Gosh. no way.
I'm telling the truth.
That system was created so that those with low performance...
can bring in more people.
They raise your status and your pay with that.
Then victims will bring in other victims.
This is a scam.
Don't fall for these things.
How do you know all of this?
To be honest. I'm...
- a reporter. - A reporter?
- Are you here to cover a story? - Yes.
How do you film or record?
- That's incredible. - My gosh.
That's so cool. Hold on.
You're so cool.
- Hold on. - Where are you going?
A reporter.
What? What is this?
Beat him up. okay?
Okay. I'll take care of it. Mr. Chairman.
Hey. Go grab that man.
Hold on. Hold on a second.
There must be a misunderstanding.
What are you doing? Get him!
Where are you going? Stop right there!
Get him!
My gosh.
- My gosh. - Gosh.
- Move over. - My goodness.
We have to get him!
What do you want for lunch?
- What do you think about jjigae? - That sounds good.
Over there!
Hey. an article will come out tomorrow.
so tell that pig to sue me.
I'm reporter Lee Jin Woo from Times.
Get over here!
- Bye! - Darn it.
- Darn it. - My gosh!
Gosh. I'm exhausted.
(DBS. Seo Jeong In)
The recovery of the base station accident in Jongpo...
has been moved up.
and it will be completely restored within an hour.
After the accident at the base station. there are various issues...
such as failed credit card transactions.
The Provisional Government Building Management Office...
announced that they will create statues and historical recordings...
of eight ministers...
as a part of the business to honor the provisional government.
Dad!
Where am I?
What is this?
("Assemblyman Kim Hae Gyun Caught Up in Sexual Identity Controversy")
Hey. Seo Jeong In!
Why would you have ox knee soup?
Everyone had ox bone soup which is 8 dollars.
so why did you use the company card to eat a 15-dollar ox knee soup?
- Who are you? - What?
- What? - Who am I?
- Yes. - Who am I?
Yes. who are you?
Then who are you to sit at a desk in someone else's company...
and have ox knee soup using the company card?
- I did? - Yes. you did. You did that.
Did I say something wrong?
Do you know how much money we spend on your food?
I don't even remember the last time I had ox knee soup.
Has it been 20 years?
When my dad was doing really well.
my entire family went out to dinner and...
- the dish I was excited about... - Enough.
was ox knee soup.
Stop getting mad over what someone ate.
It's not like I said something wrong.
Are you okay. Jeong In?
Do you know me?
What's wrong. Jeong In? Do you feel sick?
It doesn't seem like you have a fever.
Sick. my foot.
She's just acting like that because she has nothing to say.
Why would you use the company card to eat something so fancy?
The CEO orders a donkatsu...
- and eats it for lunch and dinner. - Be quiet!
- You're so noisy! - My goodness!
I think there's been a misunderstanding.
I'm sorry. I need to go to work. I'll come back...
No. I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Jeong In.
Where are you going?
Does she have two jobs?
I'm not sure.
(Daily Search)
Taxi!
- Can you take me to DBS? - No problem.
(Daily Search reporter Jang Young Joon)
You're going to get fired if you don't come in ten minutes.
(Daily Search reporter Jung Yu Mi)
You're that person. aren't you?
- Excuse me? - The daughter of Seo Ki Tae.
Yes. I am.
Cheer up. all right? Don't lose courage.
Thank you.
Hello.
Let me go in. I forgot to bring my ID card.
(No Entry)
Can you open the door. please?
If you're a visitor. get a pass...
and go to the gate for visitors.
What do you mean I should get a pass?
You know I work here.
I've been enjoying your articles.
Thank you.
Get home safely.
I'm Seo Jung In from Current Events Desk.
You said you've been enjoying my articles...
- yesterday. - I've never said that.
Get a pass and go to the gate on the other side.
Wait.
Shin Wook. can you help me? I forgot to bring my ID.
Ms. Seo?
Do you know me?
I guess the rumor is true.
- What do you mean? - Ms. Seo.
Even if it's too hard to live on. this doesn't help.
You should at least get a grip.
Shin Wook. what are you talking about?
I'm saying this because I feel sorry for you.
I know you went through a lot.
but just because you did.
it's not okay to hear that you're crazy.
What would your father think if he sees you living like this?
Shin Wook.
(Gate for employees)
Yes. Ms. Kim. What made you call me?
What are you talking about?
We're supposed to have dinner for your birthday.
I'm on the way to your office.
My office? Are you coming to DBS?
What are you talking about?
I can't believe it.
(Gate for employees)
Ms. Kim. people are being weird.
They keep telling me that I don't work here.
Where are you. Jung In?
I'm at work. DBS.
I got it. It won't take long. Stay there.
How long does it take to get to DBS?
Five minutes.
Please get out.
Wait a minute.
Let go of me for a moment.
I said let go of me!
(Special coverage on Late Seo Ki Tae for 4th anniversary of his death)
It's the incident that shocked everyone in the country.
Current Events Desk is preparing a special coverage...
on Seo Ki Tae for the 4th anniversary of his death.
October 12. 2015.
Not long after Mr. Seo came up to a podium at Hankuk University...
to deliver a speech. a sound of gunfire was heard.
which caused mayhem.
The then-candidate collapsed with gunshot wounds.
He died at the scene.
The whole country was shocked...
by the death of the presidential candidate...
with the highest approval rating.
- The number is not in service. - Please get out.
The police shot Kim Jin Chul in his tracks.
What led him to make such a choice?
Let's go back...
(Seo Ki Tae)
(Died: October 12. 2015)
Hello. I'm Seo Ki Tae.
(Shooter Kim Jin Chul Shot by Police...)
(for Safety of Citizens)
Candidate Seo Ki Tae was assassinated.
Shooter Kim Jin Chul...
was fired because of Seo Ki Tae's report on the poor investigation...
of the police when he was a reporter.
He said he lost his job and his life is ruined...
because of Seo Ki Tae.
Diagnosed with megalomania.
he was prescribed medications.
Please get out.
Jung In.
I'll take her.
- Let's get out for now. - No.
I should find my dad first.
Where is he?
At the Blue House?
It's because I can't understand what's going on right now.
Where is my dad?
Where is he?
What are you talking about. Jung In?
He's dead. You know it.
Why would he die?
He was definitely with me.
He even made seaweed soup for my birthday.
Why would he die of all a sudden?
You better mind your own business. Ms. Kim.
I'll find my dad myself.
Jung In.
I got it.
Let's go to see your dad.
(The Late Seo Ki Tae)
(The Late Seo Ki Tae. from June 6. 1956. to October 12. 2015)
(Here lies one who didn't back down and fought against the world.)
You said it before.
That you'll never bring shame to your father.
I will never bring shame to you.
I will try even harder to live life to the fullest.
So...
So I don't have to worry.
Even if it's hard. let's try to live like that.
If you're doing this. I don't know how I can face him.
We have to live on because we're alive.
(October 12. I'll never forget you. I miss you.)
(You became a star that shines so brilliantly.)
Jung In. it's because you're alone in a place like this...
that it's harder for you to accept reality.
(Seo Ki Tae)
Let's let go of the past now.
Let's live in the present.
even if it's hard or difficult.
It's been a year.
but I can still remember it so clearly even now.
In a single day. everything changed.
as though someone was behind it all.
Do you still believe that?
All the records. all the people...
they all point in that direction.
I accept it.
You told me...
that it's because I can't accept my father's death...
that I've ended up altering my own memories.
I think that's true.
My memories are different after my father died.
Is that why you keep holding on to your father's death?
That's not as his daughter. but as a reporter.
There are so many elements of the investigation I can't accept.
Letting those points slide when they don't make sense...
would be wrong as a reporter.
She's improved tremendously since she first came.
Thank you so much. Please continue caring for her.
She's like my niece. so I want to help as much as I can.
(President Nam Seong Beom meets with Chairman of National Assembly)
(The local police are reliable partners in the community)
(Serious Crime Team 2)
Have you seen Detective Yoon?
I think he just left.
Oh. thank you.
Did she leave?
Gosh. she's psychic. I swear.
Detective Yoon.
Why are you avoiding me?
Who. me? When? I didn't.
What do you mean? You just hid from me.
I wasn't hiding.
I'm not a hider. I'm someone who catches people who hide.
But why are you here?
Same reason as always.
Why are you being like this to me?
When that happened to Mr. Seo. I was just the sole of that shoe.
I'm still doing grunt work.
I have no power to help you.
I don't expect anything grand from you.
I just want you to suggest reinvestigating the case.
Just suggest it to the brass.
I told you that's no easy thing to do.
So just quit because it's not easy?
Even if there's a problem with the investigation. it's over?
What's the problem?
That's just your opinion.
I'm just saying the police report doesn't make any sense.
On the day of the incident. the traffic flow makes no sense.
Maybe I should stop being so patient.
Maybe I should just throw myself in front of the station.
I should do that.
I should just lie on the ground even though it's cold.
What are you talking about? It's cold outside.
Last time. you only lasted because it was summer.
People shouldn't just roll around wherever they want. Don't do that.
I know. right. So just help me this one time.
You're driving me crazy.
Where was it again?
This is my business card. which I picked up from the trash.
Why do you keep throwing out my business card?
I've given you so many now.
- Why was that in the trash? - Because you threw it out.
Because you threw it out. That's why it was in the trash.
If you make any progress. please get in touch with me.
I'm asking you as a favor.
Okay. okay.
I'll go now. Thanks.
(Detective Division)
Why would you even listen to her in the first place?
How can I ignore her when she is talking in my face?
Director Han.
- Don't do it. - Director Han.
Can't you just review this case to see if we can reopen it?
I'm losing sleep over that woman.
I even talk in my sleep.
"Seo Jung In. don't do this. Go home and sleep."
That's what I said when my wife was there.
She's been asking me who the heck Seo Jung In is.
Give it up already. What reinvestigation?
Do you not have enough work?
Director Han.
Don't ever do it.
If I just work hard...
Seong Ho. just work hard at the cases you already have.
Do you not have enough work?
- I don't. - Why this little...
Stop it. you two.
You're all working hard today to preserve the peace in Korea.
Please have one of these.
Thank you.
I have another one here.
Anyway. let's just go eat.
All right.
Every time I meet Seo Jung In. I end up so drained.
But...
I just heard...
about Seo Jung In. Does she come here that often?
She's always here asking us to reopen a case.
What does she expect us to do about a closed case?
I see.
It must be hard for you.
So in other words. the daughter of Seo Ki Tae...
comes to the station every single day.
causing a scene and obstructing police work.
Could I interpret it that way?
It is sort of like that. I guess.
But why are you asking me that?
I think I might be able to relieve some of your worries.
What are you talking about?
The country's in trouble. and so is the economy.
Let's give the people some entertainment.
Isn't that the job of a reporter?
(Seo Jung In)
(Unlocked)
Good morning.
Are you out of your mind?
Letters of resignation at this time?
Not just for one of you. but both of you?
- We're sorry. - We're sorry.
If you're sorry. don't quit.
Even if you resign. just leave when you're not sorry.
We're not that sorry. to be honest.
Is a company a place you enter when you want.
and leave when you want?
Are you looking down on it because it's going bankrupt?
No. that's not it.
Of course. it is.
Don't leave. You need my permission to leave.
I thought Daily Search was a huge company. so I came.
But yesterday.
I translated an American drama.
There's one that our CEO watches.
but the subtitles weren't ready yet. so he asked me to do it.
And I did.
My life officially sucks. It sucks.
Calm down.
Just hold off on resigning for now.
Just for a few months. Just a month or two.
If we all leave. no one will be here for Young Jae.
(Daily Search CEO)
Yes. we're coming back now.
What?
Let's go.
It's Seo Jung In.
- There she is. - It's Seo Jung In.
Are you really trying to get the police to reopen the case?
We heard you're getting psychological treatment.
Is it true you've asked the police to reinvestigate the case?
Is this all true?
We heard you're still going to visit the police station.
What is this?
What's the reason you've asked for a reinvestigation?
What do you think you're doing in front of my company?
Seo Jung In. get back to work.
- Hold on! - My gosh.
- Say a word! - My goodness. Move over.
Don't take a photograph!
Don't take a photograph. It's over. Go.
- My gosh. - My goodness.
- Go. I said go! - I waited for an hour.
- Go back. - She's over there!
- What? - What are you doing?
Hey! Lower the blinds!
- Get a photograph! - Don't take a photograph!
- My gosh. - Don't take a photograph!
- Don't do it. - Don't take a photograph.
Gosh. Move.
My goodness. Don't take any photographs!
I'm going to call the police.
This is why you guys get criticized.
- What. you punk? - "What. you punk?"
Yes. "What. you punk?"
You little...
Don't take any photographs.
Gosh. you punk.
(Daily Search)
My stomach!
Seo Jeong In. the daughter of the late Seo Ki Tae.
has raised suspicions regarding her father's death.
She said the police are at fault for failing to reveal the truth...
and has requested a complete reinvestigation on the case.
Let's meet a detective who was in charge of the case..
and hear what he has to say.
Why did Ms. Seo Jeong In request a reinvestigation?
("What Is the Truth Behind the Hanguk University Assassination?")
Well. I suppose it's paranoia.
Furthermore. I was told that at first...
she claimed that her father.
the late Assemblyman Seo Ki Tae. was still alive.
She kept coming and demanding that we reinvestigate the case.
- Detective Yoon. that jerk. - One day...
What they're saying is untrue.
It's been edited maliciously.
I don't have paranoia.
and I didn't obstruct justice.
Do you want to stay. or do you want to leave?
You can decide.
- Young Jae. - I want to fire you.
but I'm worried about your severance pay. so I can't do that.
I'll give you a chance to write a letter of resignation.
Or if you're going to stay...
My gosh. Seriously.
How many times must I tell you to empty the trash can?
Please!
Who's in charge of it today?
- It's you. - It's you.
Is it me?
I'm your CEO. Do you see me as such a pushover?
My gosh!
Gosh. What's going on?
Why is he acting like that again? Why is making such a fuss?
Are we late on the rent again?
My goodness.
Jeong In!
- Goodness. - Thank you.
Don't think about it too much.
Do Young Jae is a jerk all the time.
Do Young Jae needs to change everything...
from his face to his personality.
He can't say anything at home.
so why does he act like that when he's outside?
It's understandable that he'd be mad.
Even if that's the case. he shouldn't have said that.
Why would he do that? In front of everyone at that.
Whenever he acts like that. I want to punch him in the face.
You should be careful.
Won Dong is kicking.
You understand why he's acting like that. right?
Yes. I do.
You told me about his friend a couple of times.
You said I remind him of his friend.
That's right. He was very similar to you.
After his brother died. he pretty much lived at the police station...
to reveal the truth.
I felt really bad for him. just like you.
But now that I think about it. do you know what's really sad?
I don't remember his life.
He was an older brother who was hung up on his brother's case.
He was a reporter who had a strong sense of vocation for his work.
I remember those things about him.
but I don't remember what kind of person he was.
He gave up on everything he wanted to do.
So Jeong In.
don't make that your entire life.
Don't live life while holding on to the past like him.
Okay?
(Daily Search)
- Are you waiting for someone? - Who am I waiting for?
It seemed like you're waiting for someone.
No. I'm not waiting for anyone. Who do I have to wait for?
Good morning.
What's so good about this morning? Come to work on time!
Are you saying it doesn't matter since we're practically bankrupt?
You're so rude. How dare you write a letter of resignation?
Good morning.
Good morning. everyone. Let's have a good day today.
Why don't you all have some coffee?
Young Jin. make some coffee for everyone.
(Quality over quantity)
(Daily Search)
What? What is it?
I'm sorry. Young Jae.
I reflected on myself.
I'll do as you say...
- Okay. - Pardon?
Aren't you going to say that you'll do your best?
It's fine as long as you're here. Go and write an article.
Okay.
What kind of article?
I got some intel that there are no trouts...
at the Trout Festival.
Do an in-depth coverage of the story.
You like in-depth covers.
Okay. I'll do it.
(Daily Search)
(The Daily Search In-depth Cover Team heard the Trout Festival...)
("Presidential Candidate Seo Ki Tae Assassinated...")
("During Campaign at Hankuk University")
Gosh. that surprised me.
(Daily Search)
Hello?
(Wrongful termination. Reinstatement)
I'm reporter Lee Jin Woo from Times.
Hello?
I'm reporter Lee Jin-woo from Times.
Yes. what is it?
I called regarding the interview questions.
Did you get them?
What are you talking about?
I sent you a list of questions regarding our interview tomorrow.
I wanted to see if you reviewed all of them.
I never agreed to an interview.
(Unity. Fight)
You said you wanted to do the interview tomorrow.
That's what you said when we spoke on the phone last time.
You have the wrong number.
Isn't this Ms. Seo Jeong-in's...
Hello?
What's this?
What kind of reporter...
doesn't check the number of the source?
It's the police.
What are they doing here?
You disobeyed the restrictions on rallies...
and the dissolution order.
From now on. we will force the execution.
I think it's going to be tough today.
- You better go back. - Yes. you should.
I have nothing to do at home.
- I'll just stay. - You'll end up in jail.
I'll go if I have to go.
I'm okay with it. It's more comfortable than it looks.
We will force the execution!
You will be taken to the police station if you obstruct the police.
Let go of me!
You can't do this!
(El Nino will be around late fall or early winter.)
I'm done.
(There is no Internet connection.)
What's wrong?
(There is no network connection.)
What's the matter?
(No signal found)
(Connecting)
After the accident at the base station in Jongpo last year.
another telecommunications accident has occurred.
Some 60 people from the police and fire station...
and 22 equipments were mobilized to extinguish the fire at the...
underground telecommunications center at JC Telecommunication.
Despite the rain tonight.
the fire broke out underground.
which makes it hard to extinguish.
The telecommunications problems caused by the accident...
have put citizens to inconvenience.
They promised a fast restoration to resolve inconveniences.
(Only cash is accepted due to the telecommunications error.)
There are 14 areas affected by the telecommunications error.
including Seoraemun...
- and Maseo. - I'll pay with card.
In the areas affected by the accident.
wired and wireless service. the internet.
and IT devices are not in service.
The telecommunications company said the internet and...
wireless services will be restored first at a press conference.
We only accept cash.
How many minutes do we have to post it?
Two minutes left.
Can anyone do it?
- Can you do it? - I can't!
- Darn it. - I think it will take some time.
What's the problem?
Can you make the hotspot work quickly at least?
- Give me a moment! - Did you hear me?
What? Hey!
- What are you doing? - I'm calling them!
Just hang up. The hotspot doesn't work!
It still doesn't work?
Can't you see? The internet and the phones are not working.
Isn't it your mobile carrier as well?
Oh. right! I didn't post the article yesterday!
I can't check the tip-offs and get confirmation from the promoter too!
What's going on?
What is wrong with him?
Are you okay?
- Are you all right? - I'm okay.
It's really not working. Darn it. I couldn't post it.
- Are you hurt a lot? - No. I'm fine.
The phone is working.
This is Seo Jung In from Daily Search.
You worked hard.
- Thank you for your hard work. - Thank you for your hard work.
- Bye. - Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. I called you a little late. I had a problem.
Sorry? Who is this?
What do you mean? This is Lee Jin Woo from Times.
We talked over the phone yesterday.
Excuse me. I definitely told you it's not the case yesterday.
You're still doing this?
What's wrong with you? You're making me frustrated.
You agreed to do an interview and you suddenly pretend not to know.
I'm not pretending.
I think you're seriously mistaken.
- I'm not mistaken at all. - You called a wrong person. Bye.
How many times do I have to tell him he got the wrong number?
Hello?
What should I do?
Young Jun. the hotspot...
Come on.
You're going to do this?
I'm not answering.
Why. just why? I said you got the wrong number!
What do you mean I got the wrong number? I called the right person.
You said you wanted to help your father.
- Sorry? - You said you'll do an interview...
if that helps Seo Ki Tae.
That's what you said.
Why are you doing this to me out of the blue?
I can't understand it at all.
Why are you doing this to me?
What do you think?
I've been telling you why until now.
I want to interview you. Ms. Seo Jung In.
You said you'll do it.
I'm the one that should ask you why!
Where are you?
Why? You want to do it now?
- Come to the War Memorial of Korea. - The War Memorial of Korea?
You're really there?
Wait for me right there.
She's a lunatic.
He's crazy.
Taxi.
Hi.
You're dead.
- Where are you? - You're already here?
I guess you were near here.
Just tell me where you are.
So short. so efficient.
Excuse me.
What do you mean where I am? I'm at the campaign rally.
- Excuse me. - At the campaign rally?
Are you at the War Memorial of Korea?
Do you think I'm at the Independence Hall Of Korea then?
It's so loud.
Listen.
You can heart the sound. right? Come to find me.
What are you talking about?
There's no one around here.
- Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae! - Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae!
It's your father's campaign rally today.
Are you not with him here?
- Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae! - Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae!
- You came? - Jin Woo!
- Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae! - Why don't you say anything?
You still can't find it?
Let's do an interview quickly.
Why is it so hard to see your face?
(Democratic People's Party. Seo Ki Tae)
- Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae! - Seo Ki Tae! Seo Ki Tae!
Hello. I'm Seo Ki Tae.
(A special thanks to actor Go Gyu Pil for the cameo)
(Times)
The voice I'm hearing now... Whose is it?
That's right. He died five years ago.
She said she isn't stupid to be fooled by a guy like me.
It's 2020 here.
Are you trying to say this is connected with the future?
If you promised not to be obsessed with the past. keep your word!
What on earth are you doing?
My father will die tomorrow.
Mr. Seo will die?
Please save my father. Jin Woo.
What should I do?
To save Mr. Seo.
If you do this right. both can live.
My father and you.
It's 2020 here. You're in 2015.
My father will die tomorrow.
Mr. Seo will die?
The daughter of the president prying into the former president.
Someone tried to kill my father.
There are people who fabricated the incident.
If we can't find the truth about it.
- the same thing will happen again. - You punk!
It was you.
We should ask them first.
That's the only way we can save Korea.
Let's do it. Let's save Mr. Seo.
(Times)